Document methods to resolve issues with Gradle in Groovy (#464)
PaperMC/docs: docs/paper/dev/getting-started/userdev.mdx

```

This is useful for plugins that have loaders for both Spigot and Paper and want to keep compatibility with both.

:::note

> If you are using Gradle with Groovy syntax, you should call the mangled static method like `getMOJANG_PRODUCTION()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Gradle with the Groovy DSL, you should instead access the fields via static method like `getMOJANG_PRODUCTION()`.
```
